vatta beaches all right so I'm gonna
pull packs and have a lineup giveaway I
mean lineup whatever it's called i'm
going to show you guys like what my my
latest cards are I'm gonna pull a couple
of packs first and in terms of the
giveaway that I had last it has been
chosen I'm going to contact you guys
individually that's pretty much it let's
go see what the fuck we got that was
weird yeah so first pack I don't got
shit richard seymour david akers jerod
mayo AJ Green yeah I didn't get anything
at all I want to pull that easter egg I
have not pulled it um I've been I spent
like five hundred thousand and coins
earlier trying to pull it but I couldn't
really get it that's pretty much it as
far as that goes it's kind of I mean I
guess it's supposed to be like super
rare or I don't know but the the thing
got extended till tomorrow morning so
you guys have another you know a longer
chance to get them which is good I still
didn't get anything second pack a dud
no I guess like the only really good
thing that comes out of these facts are
the two contract extensions like at
least those are consistent and I think I
have chance for two more yeahh two more
packs damaged drop the mic fuck it thug
life so yeah so i haven't pulled
anything it's kind of fun really
annoying when you don't pull anything
and I haven't been you know as
consistent with the videos but i promise
i will be knocking out more videos this
week and the Mythbusters things is
coming along swimming i'll actually
rather well i'm pretty excited to show
you guys it I have three myths so far
I'm not going to reveal them to you in
order to save the surprise but it's
gonna be pretty awesome I did finish the
center collection things to one of my
good buddies PCG Snipes he he hooked it
up he went out of his way and gave it to
my little brother and they made a trade
for it and then mind a little
registrated it to me which is really
nice of them so I like to thank you for
that so with that I finished the Senate
collection and then I finished the left
tackle collection it just took a little
while because the some of the some of
the silver cards on that we're really
hard to get fucking fruit you know it's
a little it's a little late but I guess
I pulled a Saturday so that it helps out
it's pretty awesome I'm actually I don't
know how awesome it is actually because
I I mean I hear like people pulling them
all the time so I'm going to try to
trade it as quick as I can to see what I
can get I know they're all over the
trade block already and they're not as
rare as they first were but he still
worth something you know now let's go
check out my cards or so I got the you
know the same Santonio Holmes the same
James Harrison Pittsburgh sewers
California collection nnamdi awesome wha
Kevin Williams I still have him around
actually I'm gonna go buy positions so
recently the only card I picked up was a
John Elway to see how he was and whether
or not I wanted to pursue the the
playoff John Elway because he has like
amazing stats to the only difference
between these is that all these have 97
throw power so you know for the extra
for the extra thing I got Ricky Williams
and lt and then I got Gale Sayers
boosted marshall faulk z boosted now
he's not boosted Barry Sanders boosted
plus seven two teams run black strength
Walter Payton Super Bowl and the closer
eric dickerson I was gonna say Winston
set only homes Mario Manningham Hakeem
Nicks Brandon Marshall Calvin Johnson
Jerry Rice Raiders I also have the the
49ers won but he's in my trade block so
here's what I want to show you the Joe
Thomas this picture looks so awesome on
the real like it really does and he's by
far the best linemen out of all the
linemen collection rewards because he
has a 96 strength this one has a 99
strength but he's a guard so you know
he's just not as cool cards suck their
fat mutters playing cards are awesome
and then I got Nick Mangold center 95
strength I'll show that again 95
strength he's a he's a really good car
too Jahri Evans right guard 99 strength
and the picture looks pretty cool too
bad he's smashed in a little corner back
right tackle I have this just because I
have to have him Tyson Clabo Justin took
Super Bowl and Reggie White reward I've
been using Justin Tuck recently he's
been finally providing i have the hollow
Tina gotta from the collection and the
fantasy reward jared allen + due to hit
power Kevin Williams Jay Ratliff and now
consume their all pretty good cards I
don't really start any of them
is wearing Clay Matthews I don't play
play at sometimes play the other guy AJ
Hawk Patrick Willis cover vote this is
the only cover but I have unfortunately
my little brother has a couple of
rebuses but I don't have anything else
James Harrison terrell suggs boosted von
Miller boosted and Lawrence to Lawrence
Taylor turkey day now the awesome why
showed you guys earlier the Machine math
is Jonathan Joseph Brandon Flowers this
is actually like a really really good
card undervalued I don't know why but
he's awesome and then I got the Brian
Dawkins Troy Polamalu and Donte Whitner
Adam Vinatieri and ghost Brian Moorman
so those are my newest cards I also have
some stuff on the trade block i'ma show
you guys real quick and we'll get out of
here Jerry Rice she's not even rare
anymore I found that out that sucks he
should be really rare paint and Manning
Peyton Manning ghosts maurkice pouncey
Tom Brady Tom Brady I got five offers on
this Tom Brady people I guess aren't
dissipating he's going to be in the
quarterback collection which I do hope
he is because then his vadas going to
skyrocket I got the brandon marshall
that I'm gonna go away to one of my
giveaway winners are offering me at
cortland finnegan and I got the Marcus
Allen boosted alright so I'm going to
contact you guys so be ready to check
your check your youtube account I'm
gonna hit you guys up when the only give
away if you one if you didn't you know
that's pretty much it guys thank you
guys for watching the Mythbusters coming
soon it's gonna be awesome